Basic Terminology section Update README.md (#172)
aixigo/PREvant: README.md

## Basic Terminology

> An *application*, that PREvant manages, is a composition of microservices based 

Author: Fixed. Thanks for pointing it out.

- *Instance*: a service labeled as instance is a service that has been
  configured explicitly when creating or updating an application.
- *Replica*: a service labeled as replica is a service that has been replicated

> from another application. By default if you create an application under any name
> PREvant will replicate all instances from the application *master*.
> Alternatively, any other application can be specified as a source of
> replication.

Reviewer: Please, preserve the indention. It makes it easier to work within Markdown bullet lists.

```suggestion
  from another application. By default if you create an application under any name
  PREvant will replicate all instances from the application *master*.
  Alternatively, any other application can be specified as a source of
  replication.
```

## Companions

> Additionally, PREvant provides a way of creating service every time it creates

Reviewer: Now, that you touched the line, I think deploy is the correct term.

```suggestion
Additionally, PREvant provides a way of deploying services every time it creates
```
